docs: update contribution guidelines (#3055)
toptal/picasso: CONTRIBUTING.md

Picasso should cover all repetitive and reusable components used at Toptal. As we can't fully track every line created by you, you are welcomed to propose any new component which should be part of Picasso and you see that it might be a helpful addition used also by the other people. Don't be afraid to raise any question and propose new ideas to us.

> ### How to test specific use case

Reviewer: This is NIT, only to think about it. 
1) The heading says it is about testing, but most of the content is actually about showcasing component.
2) Not sure if info about testing in your project and showcasing should be in one section, it has really not much in common.

> We showcase how to use Picasso components via storybook. If you have new case and want to show other users how to use the component, create a new example. If you need to test the changes in your project, you can release an alpha package by `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release`.

Reviewer 2: I hope it will be understandable.
```
you can release an alpha package by adding this comment in PR: `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release`.
```

> We showcase how to use Picasso components via storybook. If you are not able to test your use case there, please create a new story. In some cases, you might need to verify functionality in your project, in those cases, you can publish the alpha package of the Picasso by adding this comment to the PR `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release` 

Reviewer 3: `If you are not able to test your use case there, please create a new story` - idk, to me it doesn't sound correct 😃 you should create a new `example` only if you want to show this "how to use your component" to component users. There should be no other reason to create an example

Author: @denieler I have tried to rephrase that 🙇, can you check once more?

> We showcase how to use Picasso components via storybook. If you have new case and want to show other users how to use the component, create new story. In some cases, you might want to verify functionality in your project, in those cases, you can publish the alpha package of the Picasso by adding this comment to the PR `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We showcase how to use Picasso components via storybook. If you have a new case and want to show other users how to use the component, create a new example. In some cases, you might want to verify functionality in your project, in those cases, you can publish the alpha package of the Picasso by adding this comment to the PR `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release`
```

probably example in our case would be a better word

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We showcase how to use Picasso components via storybook. If you have new case and want to show other users how to use the component, create new story. In most cases testing in storybook is enough. In rare cases, you might want to release the alpha package of the Picasso from your PR by adding this comment to the PR `@toptal-bot run package:alpha-release` and test in your project.
```

Reviewer 3: not sure I've made it better 😁 most likely not...

Reviewer 4: Do we really need to mention cases 🙂 IMHO, it will be clear to decide for the developer that there needs to be an alpha package release to test in their project. So we can just say `if you need to test the changes in your project, you can release an alpha package by ...`

Reviewer 3: this is a good point ☝️

Author: thank you guys for input, I will update it
